I don't think there's a plg motion to
magically adopt at 0 in Revenue I think
you have to step back for a minute
there's basically two ways to to win um
you can either get millions of people
using your product if it's cheap or you
can get thousands of people using your
product if it's expensive okay there is
middle ground there's the midm market
but I'm oversimplifying it if you can
get thousands of people using your
product for 10K a month a or 10K a year
or more go sell it if you can get
millions of people using your product so
that a few per can convert go build
canva but don't be in the middle don't
be a small number of folks that will
convert that's
death hi my name is ver Paul and I'm a
found of digital talk before I start I
want to say a big thank you it's our
second time at SAS oh thanks for coming
back every time and thank you also for
being so gracious with sharing the
content so we're a bootst company and my
co-founder Lea is attributed to $35
million in ARR and that's what she has
to close this year Lea has to close 35
million this year no the last six years
okay so she's close 35 million so she's
pretty good she's phenomenal she's
pretty good yeah she we want to continue
our expansion and aggressive growth
you've been a proponent of grazing very
early and in small amount and what I
want to understand is how early how
little because obviously that's going to
impact the exit that we won but hold on
you she's close 35 million how much AR
are you at today 35 you're at 35 million
bootstrapped yes okay listen and you're
growing at a decent enough rate today
fairly decent okay you're growing more
than 40% no okay so you're both I so let
me simplify this you're at 35 million
you and you're at software you have 80%
gross margins we've got about 60% 6 okay
but anyhow you've got 20 million of that
is capital each year this thing about
software you're ra you're you're
bringing in 35 35 goes to cogs and the
rest goes to play for people trips to
saster Retreat you have 20 million of
funding a year yeah right it doesn't
feel like it but actually you have 20
million of customer net customer funding
the year correct yeah okay I would do
the best you can with 20 because if
you're at 35 million growing 20% 30%
okay you're in a weird world and it's an
interesting world you're basically UNF
fundable by VCS okay traditionally
people really would like you to be
growing 100% at 35 because then you're
on the path to IPO okay triple triple
double we can talk about why triple
double matters it matters in good times
or bad I've written it you to be a
venture-backed company you have to go
from zero to 200 million in 10 years do
a spreadsheet if you don't triple triple
double from a million you will never get
to 200 million in a decade it just won't
happen and Venture Capital breaks not
all venture bets have to work but they
at least have to work in theory when
they're made so if you're not on that
path or if the VC loves you close to the
path like they'll cut a corner or two if
you're close but you're not growing now
at 35 you don't have it'd be nice to
double right maybe you'd be worth 700
million but maybe someone would say okay
at 50% 60% I'll take a bet for a VC but
they're not going now maybe you can tell
me someone offered to invest at a high
price but I don't think any VC is going
to offer to invest
in because grow yeah the growth's not
good enough but for a private Equity
Firm they should be unless I don't know
exactly what you do they should be
drooling over you you are their sweet
spot for a private Equity Firm anything
north of 20 million growing more than
20% that's Break Even they will buy with
100 and here's a key with 100% nrr more
it is an asset to a PE firm and because
what they will do is they'll take your
35 and they will smash it into someone
with a 100 okay and all of a sudden that
100 company that's growing maybe 5%
slower than you all of a sudden that's a
much better company that has much more
Enterprise Value and they'll try to take
you Public public or sell you for 2
billion in a couple years if you haven't
gotten calls from PE firms or met
them okay I would be sh then I would say
go update your
website okay because you should like the
junior folks with this P firms they get
fired if they don't talk to every
candidate they literally what you don't
know in these bigger funds is like if
here's what happens in a big fund so
let's say you open up a PE or Venture
newsletter and it says digital talk was
acquired for 200 million by this PE firm
then they go to the kid who's in charge
of industry and they say Lenin Jason why
didn't we see that deal and you're like
I didn't know about Lin gets
fired gets fired or you get fired at the
big people don't talk about this at the
it's not always this literal but at
besser light speed and dreon Sequoia
they don't win every deal okay for a lot
of reasons and they pass on them but
your job is to get them into the deals
squa thinks it's a fail sooa thinks it's
terrible if they don't get it into the
biggest deal but where they get mad is
when they never saw it the best on so
your job at both these top these
multi-billion dollar VC funds the junior
people and pirms is to see everything so
you're seeing everything okay I'm
sharing extra details for the rest of
the te you dude I don't know what you're
worth but you're worth more than $100
million to a PE firm maybe you already
know this right you're bootstrapped
right any Venture deal is going to be
terrible you do you really want to sell
you're worth a 100 million it could
depend on the industry and P is really
weird they start off really cheap okay
like you get really low ball two at
times Revenue three times Revenue really
they want to go at majority as well or
again majority or 100% yeah we can talk
about that next it it's it's different
than Venture and we'll talk about some
fun stories but my point is I'm not all
about optionality I'm not all about
keeping your options open I think that's
a Fool's errand I like burning the
bridges behind
you but Jesus if you get past 20 million
eror bootstraps growing 20 30 40% but
not a 100 you're in this world where
you're not valuable to VCS you're you're
not handsome enough or pretty enough for
the VCS okay but for the P firms you're
like the hot
date so I would never raise personally
un unless I'm missing something I would
never raise Venture Capital with your
number it's they're going to expect you
to be worth billions they're going to
not be happy if you sell to a PE firm
for anything more than much more than
you're worth today and you may kick
yourself even if you don't want to do it
today you may kick yourself in a year or
two that you gave up this PE option and
we can talk about it briefly more cuz I
think it will help people but yes if you
raise some private Equity firms they're
very VC firms they'll buy less and
they'll buy more and if folks want we
can talk about how ownership targets
work at VC firms but roughly in an Ideal
World a VC would own 20% they might have
to own 2% if it's a hot YC company they
might do 10 or 15 or 30 but they want to
own
20 there's some exceptions but most
private Equity firms either want to own
51% or % then there's two models right
like Nick meta I don't know if you saw
him from gainsight he they sold
gainsight to Vista for a billion dollars
I don't know all the mechanics but I
think they sold half that they cashed
out most of the VCS and I think the way
it worked none of my business okay if I
actually knew I wouldn't tell you but I
think the way I worked with Nick as the
CEO is I think they all got all the
management team and the employees got to
cash out half so it's like the 51 like
they got cash at a billion for half
their equity and then they got to roll
over the next right I invested I co-led
the seed round in sales off this to
bought them for 2 and half billion same
deal most investors got cashed out and
the rest of the folks wanted to stay and
it was a 50/50 deal you roll 15 so but
net net however you do it they didn't
need Own 100% but they need to have
majority control of the asset he is not
it's not like super fun like it's not
going to Camp there's a different level
of rigor they approach metrics
differently right I think Kyle told me
once sales left was acquired by Vista
their board meetings became 120 pages of
numbers and metrics before it was out
product and like how we going to kill
Outreach and then after that it was 120
pages of how the rap and in Tesco caloi
did on on the 1.8k deal or it just
became my so it's but they don't dislike
it so listen we're all we're so
passionate about what we do but I
wouldn't even though it might be less
fun I don't know that it's a bad outcome
so long rambly way of saying my zen view
these P options these good exit options
that are not great but they're good I
used to be like FR don't do it I wish I
never sold it 12 million gr 100% with
120% inter profitable like that was a
dumbest thing I ever did with those
numbers now I'm a little more Zan I'm
like if it's a pretty good deal after
everything we've been through maybe take
it not say take it but like maybe take
it and I I know a couple Founders that
I've worked with that in 2021 got
multi-billion Dollar Cash exits to buy
the company that said no and I know
several that are worth as essentially
have no exit at the moment have it's not
just that they're worth less they have
there's no exit potential for them
nothing from multi-billion to no I'm not
saying it's intrinsically worthless but
no chance to IPO and no acquirers at the
moment that's rough right so don't give
up the P don't shut off the PE option I
would just take the meetings be nice be
respectful and say maybe not today but
if you raise VC you don't lose that
option
but it just makes it so much harder you
have you have 20 million of cash from
your customers I I wouldn't do it so I
appreciate that thank you very much
thank you yeah hi Jason Hi Hendra first
time Sasser thanks for coming so
basically my question was in the next
few weeks my co-founder and I we're
going to be like publicly launching
officially after having some Alpha and
beta testers we think product Le growth
is like the best route now but I really
want to try the product Le route first
because I know it's like good Val you
good product what's the best advice you
can say for starting product Le grow
okay first of all a lot of folks that
have been around for a while Aeron Ley
and I discussed this at 2021 annual out
here a lot of folks like me that have
been around for a while we don't really
believe there's any such thing as
product like growth and what I mean is
look the term's taken over I'm not I
can't argue when Cloud became a term I'm
like this isn't a cloud and I lost that
argument I think I lost software as a
service as an argument so I've lost the
PJ but what ER and I folks like Aaron
and me that started off with premium
products and self-served products we
just think plg is a slightly better
instrumented version of it slightly
there's much better tools there's much
better analytics there's in product the
whole cter of in product analytics
didn't exist it's wonderful but the idea
of building a product that is self-
served that is somewhat viral and that
is so easy to use you don't need
onboarding it's not so new WebEx created
it on the web uh Zoom kind of perfected
it but none of this is new and what
might so my point is what folks like
Aaron and I think are a little cynical
about is that there are these three
magic letters plg that solve your
problems I don't think there's a plg
motion to magically adopt at zero dollar
in Revenue I think you have to step back
for a minute there's basically two ways
to to win um you can either get millions
of people using your product if it's
cheap or you can get thousands of people
using your product if it's expensive
okay there is middle ground there's the
mid-market but I'm oversimplified find
it if you can get thousands of people
using your product for 10K a month a or
10K a year or more go sell it if you can
get millions of people using your
product so that a few perc can convert
go build
canva but don't be in the middle don't
be a small number of folks that will
convert that's death just putting three
initials on your homepage won't do it
okay so first you have to make sure the
market is truly not prefer tend truly
large enough to support millions of
users for plg to work in my opinion okay
if you've got and since you're sales
driven and I'll come to the next Point
make sure there's millions and then
second this is the other mistake a lot
of folks make that come from a sales
background they don't realize how great
a self-served product has to be like so
much better than Enterprise any
Enterprise or even mid-market product in
the world like the onboarding doesn't
have to be that good because you have a
customer success team and I have a
deployment team and I have Solutions or
I just have a person l does it Lin sets
up the things Lin flies out to the
customer Lin gets on Zoom right to have
a self-served model on boarding has to
be instant can you build a product as
good as Zoomer canva or better most
can't most think they can but they can't
so if you can't build a product that is
epic and self onboarding and reproducing
you got to go sales Le because you've
got to fill that Gap with humans okay so
got to have a ton you got to be able to
build an ultra elegant product and then
third just so many folks that have only
done selfs serve typically delay too
long going into sales I'm not saying
this is you at all but a lot of folks I
know that have been in sales a long time
they're like oh sales is hard every
quarter the dials go back to zero the
quarter like it doesn't scale I need
more and more it's terrible I need 10
reps and 100 reps I'm going to do next
time plg because sales is so hard I'm
going to do plg and they just way over
index and they're looking for a solution
to a problem problem and it's not the
solution the solution is fall in love
with sales more the solution is look to
your husband look to your s another and
fall in love with them again don't run
for them for the plg guy right at the
club right it's not better okay maybe
what you know to do and you're pretty
good at sales is the place you should be
so some ideas to think about thank you
yeah Jason thank you for hosting this
thank you again I'm founder and emotion
leveraging J to reduce R of time for new
higher SE sales so I there are a lot of
people who talk about product the
product needs to be good first before
putting in all way gas to to go to
market so just curious what do you see
as the way to making sure the products
the product market right now we're
palting with small companies and also
big companies pal you want to know what
product Market fit is in SAS it's super
simple okay you have more customers than
you know why okay you don't have product
Market Fit until you have no C more
customers than you know why why if you
know exactly how you got every customer
and it's hard and you're not and you're
like our other guy who was great he said
a million but they don't know how to get
to two he's got happy customers great
you can have in SAS you can have happy
customers and good customers but not you
can be at the edge of product Market fit
I figure out I'm hardworking I'm a
hustler I know how to get 10 customers
in 100 but the product's not so
disruptive that it's being pulled by the
market okay you don't have product mark
this there's too many vendors there's
thousands of vendors in every category
right even in gen for sales there's like
a couple of vendors even if it's not
just training all at some point your job
as Founders is to push so much that then
the market pulls that's product Market
fit right and you get it when you
finally get a couple customers and
you're like where the hell did they come
from like I heard about you my friend at
sastra said you were great I found I
tried you on my own that's when you have
product Market fit when you turn around
and realize hey I I don't know where I
got these 10 customers that's when you
put fuel on the fire that's when you put
gas on the Fire right or whatever the
that's how f is it means like Word of
Mouth people come free Word of Mouth is
ultimately the only way you can build a
great product in SAS every HubSpot had a
slide they used to put in their investor
decks and until a million a billion in
Revenue I go to an older saster post for
five interesting learnings for HubSpot
to a billion and they would always stack
rank where they got their customers from
and number one was always wor of mouth
all the way up to a billion in Revenue
would have spot yeah for everybody yeah
so my question is how do you find a
right design part the first 10 pilot the
first 10 early customer designed partner
to make sure we get the F Market but is
it okay I'm going to answer your
question that you're not going to love I
tell you the i i my first five
Investments all became literally worth
over a billion okay and then I took more
risk okay and I went earlier and did
some other things all the Investments
I've since done that had good Founders
that went to zero good Founders that
went to zero they had a lot of design
Partners they didn't hustle they didn't
go get real customers they didn't get to
product Market fit I had a founder who
had a bill a friend of mine who we
started together one of the best CTO I
know sold his first company for 200
million a CTO second one for a billion
this was his first time as CEO you want
to bet on that guy right you want to bet
that but he raised four million because
he had a little bit of a track record in
two years he had a lot of design
Partners never got a customer design
Partners love this product I don't think
it's real and I think you can get
misleading feedback from pseudo market
research I think they're fake customers
so I'm not saying there isn't something
there but boy I just feel like Founders
are misled by the fact that there's any
great answers to these so-called design
customers whatever it is I I worry about
it so I know it's not exactly we're
asking but I I would just skip them and
go find real customers I would not waste
one second with these so-called design
Partners get real ones get someone that
will pay you money for real not favors
not pretend and and and also ask for the
most money you can you're selling an AI
Pro uh tool that's going to help with
sales and training right go out and
charge $20,000 for it or
$10,000 you're tenacious go get that
meeting go find some cro and say h that
has training for onboarding problems say
I have an AI tool give me $20,000 I will
train 200 Reps for you screw the design
Partners go find that person get someone
to take a a bet on you you'll probably
stumble you'll probably have to fix it
on the Fly and stay up all night and
your cender will probably almost kill
you but if you get through that for a
real customer you got something
it's usually you're like friends
introduction or co co outrage just get
them to pay the way to find them is
every yes the answer for your early
early customers is yes are you good at
outbound go do it your friends are you
good are you good at hustling at Sasser
do it are you good at are you good at
getting on product done do it are you
good at Tech runch do it are you good at
content marketing and blog writing good
are you actually good at social media
not pretending you're good at social
media good can you get a million people
to listen to your podcast not three
great do
it thank you so much thank you yeah hi
Jason M from Peru but basic City second
year here so thank you for having start
so my question is I've read on the
internet that usually they recommend
that it's a Founder sales Le motion
until you reach around one or two Mill
I've said the same yes yes correct but
what would you recommend in the man
generation in the early days and would
you recommend to only hire sdrs at first
or go or go very aggressive on marketing
because earlier today the cro of rling
spoke and they said that they had 150
sdrs and yeah and it's badass and they
took the model Parker and Sam built that
model at zenefits and then they
reproduced it at ripling massive
outbound model yes but I W I was
wondering I suppose that in the early
days they didn't have 150 SDR so it was
probably was impossible look you're
asking a good question just two things
do whatever you know how to
do and do anything that works at all
if you could if you've never done
outbound and you're scared to send an
email or pick up the phone and you've
tried a couple times and you're freaked
out and no one reads it or answers it
your emails are terrible let's move over
to
marketing okay if you're pretty good at
it yourself like you're pretty tenacious
and you're getting pretty good open
rates on emails and you're closing deals
then go hire a couple scrs and
professionalize it right most Founders
that are Engineers or product focused
they get consultative sales they don't
get how to deal with outbound or S strs
okay so a lot of folks from a produ
engineering background not all but most
of them are not great at this raw
outbound motion others are I was a
pre-revenue investor in Greenhouse which
sold 33 million and the CEO for whatever
reason in the early days Lo maybe loved
is the wrong word but he enjoyed
managing he managed 12 SS himself before
he hired a sales leader I'm like I would
have pulled out my hair like I had one
week where I had to manage our sales
team between my two VB sales and I
almost died for one week managing our
sales team okay it wasn't me but Daniel
from Greenhouse you can look him up he's
at they're at coming up on 250 million
Revenue he didn't mind as a non sales
founder managing 12 sdrs who need to
talk eight times a day and I would have
burn out in minutes managing these folks
so he was good at that so that so
Greenhouse got to 10 million through
outbound right I was personally pretty
darn good at hustle marketing getting us
in media getting us getting other folks
to promote us getting WebEx and
Salesforce and Zoho and a million people
to promote us so I did more of that I
did I went early on our API I went early
on our partner systems early on that I
was good at but I didn't know how to do
outbound we didn't do outbound until Sam
blond who was sarra bre he was our first
SDR that was the first time we ever did
outbound and that probably was around
two million in Revenue we didn't have an
SDR person whoa but I'd never i' done
Enterprise out like I closed million
dooll deals before I had noidea had to
close a 3K deal in software so we never
did it until Sam did so that's an
extreme example but go with your DNA and
then the last one the other mistake
Founders make especially when it's early
is they're like yeah I tried outbound
but I only got four customers I tried
outbound but I only have I only am able
to close a few deals from it no just
keep going anything that works in the
early days keep doing it cuz so much
stuff won't work at all every category
is so crowded there's so many vendors
and even worse we don't really none of
us need more software no no business in
the world no business in the United
States is failing a few security issues
aside because they don't have a software
vendor like the world kind of works on a
day-to-day basis we actually don't need
any new products so it's hard enough to
get anyone to buy you in the early days
if anything Works press PR Partnerships
open ecosystem outbound inbound left
bound bound growth marketing Enterprise
self-service midmarket Global just do
what anything gets you one customer get
two even if it's frustrating just do it
so thanks for the question thank you and
see you next year next year thank you uh
hi Jason David from Brazil thanks for
coming I'm big fan Jason my question is
I'm the founder of cargo sa which is the
first electronic procurement for
international Freight in Brazil and I
would like to get your thought thoughts
on the this context imagine you're
facing uh my situation in my shoes okay
okay have boot bootstrapped the B2B
startup uh for six years okay uh with a
strong focus on product uh Improvement
during this time uh build a customer
base of over 100 clients many of them
large Enterprise without the sales team
okay just found a l sales okay how how
many employees 33 Okay 33 have reached
break even in in the second year
established clear product Market fit
maintained a very low turn rate capture
less than 1% market share out of plenty
of room to grow okay and that attracted
the attention of investors just raised
1.5 million us 12 months ago doubl the
revenue Sur surpassing one 1 million in
ARR okay great and another startup in
the the Brazilian Market with a product
that has Synergy with over 20 million in
ARR with more than 2,000 customers exact
same ICP okay yep this guys almost 100
people in the sales team they raised the
series B and they're looking to expand
through m&a and they approach me with a
build or buy narrative okay so what
would you do if you were in my shoes
let's step back for a minute the I've
gotten the Builder by speech before some
of the nicest Founders and cosos have
used it but it's a bullying
tactic it's a bullying tactic because
it's often true right build versus buy
but it's also an attempt to instill fear
and incent someone that might be on the
fence to selling to sell okay Adobe did
a to me they said listen if you don't
sell to us we're either going to go to
try to buy docu sign or buy this third
one that you've never heard of or we'll
rebuild our effort they said it was a
bullying effort okay and even for me at
a million a month in Revenue it worked
it didn't work but it did Flavor the
thinking right it also maybe poisoned
the relationship a little bit but it's
I've heard it other folks have heard it
it's just because when you approach
someone when you're on the other side
it's a vulnerable position isn't it I
know you're I know you got to always in
any deals think about the other side
right the you might know them a little
bit that you don't know how they're
going to react they have some level of
Interest whether it's 5% or 95% they are
actually doing a proposal they're
actually on the way to put something in
so high so it's high so the build versus
VI is probably true but bear in mind
whether it's intentional it's it's a
threat a sort of a bullying tactic that
doesn't sound like it because it's very
logical right it's usually what you hear
is build by your partner this is what
corporate m&a folks say ACC we're
thinking about build buyer and partner
we've heard good things but we're also
talking to other folks in the space so
if it's not you we'll see who to buy or
whether we build it ourselves or whether
we actually just partner with you or
somebody else so all of a sudden you're
competing with build build buyer or um
fer but maybe if they're giving you a
term sheet it's beyond that listen I
don't have a magic answer to you these
are when you're bootstrapped it's always
interesting because it's up to you
whether to take any offer right it's
true anyway but once you oh you've
raised a million and a half from
investors right yeah one year ago yeah
okay as long as the investors so let me
step back for minute the maybe it's not
what there's a couple things like first
of all bear in mind when you get an
early exit offer like you have bear in
mind many in investors will have very
different
perspectives maybe you know this right
and this might not be what you're asking
but I would say they they just invested
a million and a half in the last year
right okay bigger funds that are in
Silicon Valley that have been around for
year if they invest a million and a half
and you get an offer and they make money
like they make a profit they're like
whatever like I'm going hunting
anthropic and open Ai and glean and
clavo and like more as long as if they
invested a million and a half and they
ideally make 3 million or more like if
they double their money that doesn't
that's not like enough for a VC they're
like go more power to you my friend
let's do the next one together okay now
VC's outside of Silicon Valley smaller
funds others sometimes they're not so
cool about the early exit right because
it's a much bigger deal to them right a
$2 billion fund gives you a bill a
million and a half and you make some
money moving on right yeah you don't
even count a small $20 million fund
where they don't have that many good
Investments and they're counting on you
to go big there may be some friction so
might not be what you're asking I can't
predict the friction with your investors
right but bigger more sophisticate
investors probably if you want to do it
they be like I'm a little bummed but
it's cool so assuming it clears your
investors cuz it's not all your decision
anymore right no matter what the
documents say it's not you're not the
only shareholder like you that the team
then look if it I don't know if it feels
right and it's reasonably fair and it's
what you want to do then do it obviously
as a Founder selling your company to
someone bigger and they take it over
it's not the same it's much more a
dilemma of whether to go for the Synergy
they have 2,000 customers of my ICP
there's a lot of synergy they want me to
keep going for now yeah but for now yeah
know they don't want to cash me out
completely they want to put her out and
and give incentives for me to keep going
but at the same time it's a dilemma
because I know I have a lot of room to
grow and uh I don't think they can build
the product to take a lot of time just
thinking about whether but at the same
time I I could go to work with another
competitor that I don't have in this
space I don't need to have so that's
like pretty much it's a complicated
situation okay and and and if you get
the offer even if there's an n in it ask
a lot of people their advice okay okay
and then I'm going to give you my advice
ask a lot of people CU you're going to
get a lot of different opinions you got
to get advice okay you maybe you can't
sh don't literally violate it but if it
says you can't tell anybody you got to
tell your friends okay you got to tell
your because you got to get a lot of it
in my opinion and just to help you come
to your own conclusion talk to multi
talk to folks that have been through it
talk to folks that have had a bad
experience a good experience folks that
are investors folks that just did it
folks that didn't do it just get like 10
opinions is my number one advice okay my
personal learning over the
last 13 years of this including going
through it myself twice as a Founder
multiple exits as an investor again as I
said earlier I've slightly changed my
mind in the last three years on this if
the offer is crappy and sometimes it is
from a competitive right if it's crappy
probably don't do it unless you're
running out of money right don't do a
crappy offer Life's Too Short right bet
better to roll the
dice if the offer is even mediocre but
it clears financially it clears whatever
that means for you and your co-founders
it clears at a personal level okay
whatever you wherever you are in
life if you're sure you want to keep
going say no way if you're sure no way
because this is sass it keeps getting
bigger if you're good it compounds with
100% INR it keeps going so if your heart
and soul says don't do it but the
money's okay to not do it don't do it
but if the money is okay and you and
your co-founders are like you know what
competition is pretty good and you know
what we are worried that our growth is
good but not great and we are worried
that we're not that good at the geni
side we're worried about this whether
those worries are surmountable or not if
the team isn't sure and the offer is
good I would take
it that's what because I've just seen
too many stories now where the founders
regretted that scenario where the good
offer came in the team wasn't great
and they said no and there was never
another one there was never another one
because m&a what you don't see I didn't
really see this until I was a VP toobe I
didn't realize how fickle m&a is okay
people have targets and then the next
year your business changes adobe's
business changes or cio's business
changes or Bill's changes and they don't
want to do the deal Rene was here saw
they bought dby for 2 half billion doll
in 2021 turned out to be a great deal
it's like the fastest growing part of
Bill but I'm pretty sure if which day he
might not buy it for a variety of
reasons might not buy it so these you
think that m&a is quirky and weird and
priority driven and so if you say no
make sure make sure you don't want
another date make sure you're willing
it's it's it's the relationship you're
willing to give it up forever and don't
say no because you you just want more
money or or just whatever if it clears
so I don't know if that's rambly but
that's how I think about the framework
right thank you thank you very much yeah
good luck thank you hey Jason so we have
a basic plan an enhanced plan and a
Premium plan and nobody why don't you
have a super Premium plan we do we have
never priz PL too but nobody buys our
basic plan is that a good or a bad thing
who
cares either get rid of it or say maybe
it's a benefit because it seems like it
adds more value to other plans that's
the best advice I can give you the men
advice I can give you I think at scale
when you're at when you're really big
pricing super important right because as
growth slows and more and more of your
growth comes from your installed base
even small changes to prices are huge
right atas thing just said they're
raising prices for the third year in the
row okay slack rais pricing last year
for the first time ever canva just
radically increased pricing for
Enterprise because when you get big not
only does growth slow but more of the
growth comes from the base and even
small tweaks in price are huge right I
remember when we got acquired by Adobe
at again at 122 Revenue I remember that
the CMO for a group said I was totally
against this deal because I could just
raise price of acrobat for $1 and that
would be more Revenue than you have
right $1 right illustrates the point in
the early days just get closed the
customers it almost doesn't matter
whether you get you don't need to
optimize pricing kill basic keep it do
do a little AB testing if you can but it
don't matter just close them right thank
you thank you yeah hey Jason thank you
for the talk I don't know how everyone
else is thinking but I think it just
paid off for the whole ticket okay good
so I am early founder and I have a
question about bootstrapping versus see
okay real quick cuz we're run of time
but summarize it's a big topic so
summarize the one question say I see a
lot of friends around for just
discouraged by VC especially for the
couple of last years and they're like
okay never do this again I'm going to go
what's your take and if you do good
strapping what's your take on
fundraising if you look here's the
symbol it's a false
CH very few folks there are folks who
choose who some VC says hey I'll give
you 10 million at 100 million valuation
for almost no delution and they say hey
I'll bootstrap in the early days when
they have no Revenue it don't really
happen that way the truth is we talk
about on the internet that like it's a
choice but the truth is the venture
capital is a niche product it's a weird
product it requires T3 D2 growth most
folks are not experiencing d32 growth or
don't appear to have the potential for
it in the early days so they just can't
raise okay there are horror stories
Adventure I've watched them I've only
partially experienced them as a Founder
but it's really not a choice and two
years ago two years ago Ben Chestnut
from MailChimp came here bootstrapped to
A1 billion exit watch that session his
discussion was great I could never raise
Venture Capital until we were so
profitable I didn't need it that kind of
summarizes the thing it wasn't even a
choice for him so it's it sounds like a
choice on internet drown out the Debbie
downers and the naysayers if you can be
Venture funded then just analytically
look at it hey I'm in this weird not
just high but weird Niche great should I
do it or should I not some of our
speakers who have millions in Revenue
should I do it I told the P guy at 20 30
million not to do it maybe you should
but don't view it as a choice or a
positive or negative just see it's a
it's an option for a select few on a
growth path and if you have the option
analytically decide it's just that
simple so thank you Jason I'm Devon from
Hawaii thanks for having me this is my
first yeah Aloha Yeah question is I own
three profitable businesses fortunately
and I've become the I'm the CEO of all
of them terrific so I've got about 23
direct reports okay and I decided here
that I got to focus on one I'm going to
hire a CEO for the other two any advice
on hiring CEOs never done it before no I
I do think it's a good idea I think it I
think just oh I it's a big topic and
actually I'm not a total expert in this
I'll just tell you two things I've
learned find someone that's doing it for
the right reasons to accelerate their
career okay not someone that's a fdy ddy
not someone that's been a CO 11 times
they're not going to have the energy you
have and it's not going to work out
they've got to have a reason like this
is their shot hire someone who H their
shot that's why like at ripling where
before Parker Crown ride loves to hire
failed Founders to run his divisions
like his little five products he gets a
failed or a modestly successful founder
because they have a reason right yeah I
my company didn't quite I I built a
great product but it didn't quite make
it now I get to be the GM or mini COO of
payroll at ripling or whatever that's a
reason to do it to kill yourself and do
it so make sure they have a reason to
kill themselves or do it second and this
is true for any executive VP or Co make
sure you love them it's a lot of trust I
know you can't run all of this yourself
but if you hire someone that you don't
100% believe in it 0% chance it's going
to work out so thanks for coming
everybody thank you